What’s orange and looks good on a capitalist? Fire.
why do anarchists write in lower-case? because they are anti-capitalists!!
How do you save a drowning Nazi skinhead? Throw them an anchor!
An Anarchist, Trotskyist and a Stalinist each go home and find their partner in bed with someone else. The Stalinist shoots them both. The Trotskyist goes into another room and writes a 6000 word denunication of their act and calls for a split. The Anarchist jumps into bed and joins them.
So I was arguing with Trotsky yesterday about the validity of permanent revolution. I didn't convince him, but I definitely picked his brain.
How many marxists does it take to change a lightbulb? None. The bulbs own internal contradictions will inevitably lead to revolution.
Capitalism.
Mao Zedong walks into a bar. The barman asks "why the long march?"
How many Trotskyists does it take to change a lightbulb? Doesn't matter, you can't change a lightbulb without changing every lightbulb.
Knock knock. Who's there? Trotsky. Trotsky who? That, comrade, is the correct answer.
Ein Mädchen findet auf der Straße einen Gummiknüppel. Ein paar Meter weiter steht eine Polizistin. Die Kleine: "Ist das Ihr Gummiknüppel?" Die Polizistin schaut nach: "Nee, meinen habe ich verloren!" 
Warum brauchen Polizisten keine Kondome? Weil sie einen Gummiknüppel haben.
Was ist der Unterschied zwischen einem Polizeiauto und einem Staubsauger? Im Staubsauger ist nur ein Drecksack.
Warum ist das Polizeipferd ein anatomisches Weltwunder? Weil es das Arschloch auf dem Rücken hat.
Was ist der kleinste Bauernhof der Welt? Ein Polizeiauto, vorne sitzen die Bullen und hinten die armen Schweine.
Wieviele F.D.P.-lerInnen braucht man, um eine Birne zu wechseln? Keine/n. Wenn die Rahmenbedingungen stimmen und die Steuern gesenkt werden, wird der Markt dafür sorgen, dass sich die Birnen von selbst wechseln.
Theorie ist wenn man alles weiß, aber nichts funktioniert. Praxis ist wenn alles funktioniert, aber niemand weiß warum. Microsoft vereint Theorie und Praxis: Nichts funktioniert und niemand weiß warum.
Die Bundeswehr wurde bereits in der Bibel erwähnt: "Sie hüllten sich in bunte Gewänder und irrten ziellos umher."
"Soldat! Was waren sie bevor sie zum Bund kamen?" "Glücklich, Herr Oberst!"
